Good afternoon
Good afternoon I'm from the city of Khmelnitsky
Ukraine You are from where we are discussing quarreling
with Russians I say you are from where I said I
dumped from I'm a blogger I'm running Stream of
bloggers I
left St.
so I'm better yes better noose than you
were thrown meat like On the position Absolutely
right if I have some question Yes I'm
watching a scary
vidos not great by the way
[music]
very scary actually no way
no way question
me what And  I’m
organizing
Bandera right now Why support
[music]
Bandera fight for the independence of
Ukraine Yes, it’s not against the Soviet regime in
any case My
grandfather served in Latvian, so I’m
wondering why The
fact is that there was a different story
Bandera lived on the territory of Poland
when the Soviet Union, together with Nazi
Germany, divided Poland in half and
seized this territory on which Bandera lived, the
Soviet people were normal
And for us it was just an occupier,
now we are considered as independence,
see Bandera
Ukraine accuses Putin
some debility there for being Nazism yes
only one Russians before Russians This is
Communist Propaganda she
did what she did all nationalities
again I say that uh Communist
uh Soviet Union so he uh all
national liberation movements
branded that they are some kind of fascism Nazism
type and so on in order to uh  to choke the germ
all the
national liberation movements as far as the
nation is concerned, see, for example, in Ukraine
live both Ukrainians and Russians who are fighting
Yes, against uh Russia in Russia Freedom of
Russia
in Russia live both Russians and Ukrainians and
Buryats Yes, who drown for a special operation,
for example, those people who  originally from
Ukraine but lived already in Tyumen
now you meet them they are mankurts they
say it is right to do it well Citizens of the
Russian Federation Yes they are responsible
for this Regardless of nationality
That is, I [ __ ] up from Russia do you think
I am responsible for this you are responsible
for what you brought Yes  here is your country. That
is, you,
I went to the rally for Navalny and you
think I am responsible, this is
a mistake.
You are a citizen of the Russian Federation.
responsibility
only for the fact that there are good Russian
minority
Putin acts on behalf of whom on behalf of the
Russian people on
behalf of the Russian people
Putin turns out you are
lucky You are lucky very lucky very
lucky for example in 91 won in 93 96
lucky very few people died there
we shot people on Moscow
Square lucky We were lucky
We were lucky
Why is the
question now What are you doing now
for example to stop this war
I am not going  on her and that’s all I was
called to I left Well, you left
what you are Here you left How long ago I
meandered from there I don’t want to fight from
Ukraine relatives Everything is right Yes, what are
you doing now, you ran away
like that in Georgia Well done what are you doing  How
long have you been zigzag waiting for When
the offensive How long have you sung in Georgia
six months ago for these six months Look,
you did the actions you ran away from Russia
correctly it’s absolutely correct I
support you you were not mobilized for
these six months what did you do What actions
did you do to  to stop this
war
exactly no Explain to me why I'm wrong
Why wrong, that is, look you couldn't you ca
n't go to the rally in Russia yes
because
I say Yes
and you didn't find any way to help
How to stop this war
I shouldn't and you  I shouldn’t have understood And who
should leave this Ukrainians
Yes, Ukraine is now its own for the freedom of Russia
That is, it turns out Look, you are a
citizen of the Russian Federation, you didn’t
succeed at rallies Yes, I dumped
you Here you are for the rallies there Navalny everything
You dumped in Georgia you didn’t succeed
build your own Russia but now the
Ukrainians must liberate your Russia yes Yes
[ __ ] they are the only ones Why do
you think I'm wrong wrong look Because you can
you can go to Ukraine enroll in the
Legion of Freedom of Russia you can not I can't go
this way and I'll tell you what you need to
surrender to  in the beginning, you don’t need to go to the Russian army
and surrender.
I’ll kill a little Russian with pleasure,
but only like Well,
I don’t want to be a traitor, understand also a
traitor who if if it’s not your
country, it’s some kind of dictator
fighting Well, you thought Taras Bulba
Putin is your father
no also
again who is fighting who is to blame
And then who is fighting against Ukraine now
Putin
Yes Putin yes that is, if fighting on the
side of Ukraine means Putin
if Putin attacked Ukraine only Putin
is not you are not your neighbor You are not to blame, that
is, Putin alone is holding you  in hostages,
it turns out If you fight on the
side of Ukraine, you will fight against
Putin, yes, yes Well,
look What is the betrayal,
I will kill my kind of relatives again,
this is not going to kill you,
they can’t kill them, this Dictator forces
me to answer
who for whom  the truth is behind those Who defend
dictators or behind those who fight with
the announcer
then Who uses the dictator
in Germany, for example,
sit out wait until the
Germans Germans who were against Hitler,
see the Germans who were against Hitler
so they were traitors to their people
We have not heard about them We are about  they were heard
very little were
and now look you see you in short everything
I will not go to fight for Ukraine because
it will be a traitor That is, you are for Putin
I don’t want
this is another question Yes, because you
start here if it’s scary This is one
second Just you  you can
support the armed forces of Ukraine with money
once every six months Well, you’re just short,
just cool, that is, you had such an opportunity for half a year
No, I work Everything is fine, everything
is fine there is a Ukrainian blogger whom I
watch, look And I threw him off, he
says money Give and I’m with him  talked
before the war Yes, you threw it off once, it's
cool, yes, but you won't get around here once
No, you shouldn't judge me even
now
you're telling us like Come on,
let me go Russian
No, you're sly Why are you sly Look, you
don't want you want so Ukrainians Let's
there to die in a shorter time to release and to the
Internet And I here in Georgia in any
case want to die so I watch
how you are doing What are you doing to
stop this war
you donated
in half a year
Why are you the first Who got caught Why do you
choose Why do you choose I'm tired of
talking to Russians so yes, that is,
look instead of finding And
convincing people there to
convince someone to leave Russia so that you
don’t get mobilized to convince someone
else
you choose Ukraine
you choose Ukraine Yes, and you start to
compensate the brains of the Ukrainians for something
they are shorter somehow they don’t
treat you the way we should treat you. I’m
just a
Ukrainian who wants to fight with money.
damn, you should
release me in short,
I still think that you are most likely some kind of
dummy that you are not immigrants Show
that there is something
Georgian products in Georgia in your room
and beer
Yes, maybe at the gate I understood everything, that
is, you just  you're stoned and you're not boys you're
stoned
boobs drank beer
you're shorter under what
I don't understand
you're choosing shorter Your country attacked
my country you
ran away in your chest it's
not your fault and you're sitting shorter instead
of thinking how I can help
Ukraine to stop this war  that
Putin is this dictator who
captured you who helped you there
Why is it that the Ukrainians
say something is not right there,
I think that you need to be short you for
such words about Ukrainian women Can you
repeat me now
Can you repeat
please Because well, like
you're wrong  as much as possible I'll try to
treat well I'll try dude so that
in Ukraine I'm half Ukrainian Look, I'll
ask my friends in Georgia why for what
Well, if you look at you about
Ukraine so that you later on the camera about
Ukrainians said something like that I said a little
bit bad I love
just [ __ ] around  about it very much
because of this topic, you yourself.
I think that in short, you need guys Who is
from Georgia before
I leave it now, I know you
people there think
like he came to me in short, you
have some questions in general, I’m like that, let’s
release to the Internet and then  I’ll be shorter, I’ll be
shorter, there’s no understanding that he’s to blame, he’s
still [ __ ] like that, yes And what is it that
you don’t respect me like Let’s
free me shorter than Putin’s type and
so on Yes, it’s
clear that no one gives him a
blade or a Georgian like his father
The bottom line is that they show how thoughts are.
Yes, here are a bunch of these
yachts.
someone is looking for the other side How to
support Ukraine live in another
country
in Europe I don’t believe that in Europe you won’t
find
a glass of euro there to transfer somewhere to the
Ukrainian support fund if you live here in
Georgia Yes there is no job  they
sit in the trenches for months Yes, he’s like I’m
poor I don’t have everything I’m sitting here in
Georgia so further in my car